h2. PureMVC Port to Javascript / Objs / jQuery EmployeeAdmin Demo

PureMVC - Copyright(c) 2006-2012 Futurescale, Inc., Some rights reserved.
PureMVC Port to Javascript / Objs by Frederic Saunier
Objs - 2006-2011 Frederic Saunier
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Release Date: 02/20/11
Platform: JavaScript / Objs
Version: 1
Revision: 0
Author: Frederic Saunier <frederic.saunier@puremvc.org>
License: Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License
License for Prototype Core: MIT and CC BY-SA
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

h2. Releases

h3. Version 1.0

This demo is inspired originally from PureMVC Employee Admin for AS3 standard
port and PureMVC Employee Admin demo for Objective C respectively by Cliff Hall
and Brian Knorr.

Unit Tests follow the PureMVC for AS3 standard port with some specific
additions for the JavaScript language.

h2. Build

To build the project you'll need "Ant":http://ant.apache.org/ to run the
/build/build.xml file located in the build YUICompressor. The task concat all
the JavaScript files in one, next compress and minify it. The YUICompressor
munge option is activated.

The Ant task need both
"YUICompressor":http://yuilibrary.com/downloads/#yuicompressor and 
"YUIant":http://www.ubik-ingenierie.com/miscellanous/YUIAnt/. Respective jar
file for both library need to be copied in the /build/lib/ folder for the task
to run correctly.